Add docs on custom fields (#2299)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/guides/custom-field-types.md

  Cell.js               -- Main React component rendered by the List view
```

## Example

> For an example of a custom field, please see the [Stars field](https://github.com/keystonejs/keystone/tree/master/test-projects/basic/custom-fields/Stars) in the basic test project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example of a custom field, please see the [Stars field](https://github.com/MadeByMike/keystone-custom-field) in the basic test project. 
```

Reviewer: This is an updated demo. I plan to add more custom field examples to it.
